this is your book this is what can we
learn from this book you could learn a
lot yeah yeah it's it's really based on
performance and recovery and I think you
know for me as an athlete that's
obviously critical to my career shame
here yeah and I think we've discussed
this I think you know it's amazing you
know everyone is looking for the same
thing and hopefully that book can
provide people a lot of answers and I
think that's something beyond football
that I'm excited to share with a lot of
people is I feel like I've acquired a
lot of information over a lot of really
intense years of football that people
can actually apply in their everyday
life so do you feel like your arm is as
strong as it ever was your throwing arm
yeah you do okay what tom cannot throw
up on in here why not he can break the
lights he's too dangerous he can kill
somebody
oh he you know what he's actually right
you couldn't break a light and kill
somebody
well maybe we should do it outside yeah
let's go outside all right well let's uh
let me just use it for a second
we'll try it outside
oh do you think you could knock one of
these columns down with the football
absolutely yeah
great dude oh no Jimmy what Tom cannot
knock down this column down why because
the whole building can fall can kill a
lot of people oh right yeah you could
knock the whole building down gosh
alright well let's see oh I have an idea
can't follow me guys alright that's fun
hi Jimmy yeah there you go you take us
to a 223 Liberace Lane Thanks
so we're going you'll see yet just make
a left right here I think this is gonna
be a little safer out here you know just
hang out for a minute would you mind
they bring the ball yeah bring the ball
all right okay so you see that window
yeah you think you could throw the
football through that window yeah let's
see you got this done oh my god do you
live here
no I live here I didn't know did you
throw that no idea and he did he threw
it I'm sorry yeah whoa oh my god hold on
hi I'm Hey really it's great to meet you
man I'm like number one for ya I'm Matt
Matt I'm Matt Matt Damon we've got a zoo
yes yeah yeah sorry about that though
you threw it my friend Tom through there
come yeah
we're just seeing how strong his arm is
and turns out it's real strong went
right through the window of your house
that's how strong his arm is yeah that's
one of my my kids room yeah well you
know I'm free you got a Dustbuster or
something like that right all right good
to see you man we got to get back to the
show we left the audience there so I'm
sorry Pat I didn't it's fine it's Matt
like an accident matter doesn't matter
that can ask I mean not take pictures
you maje yeah of course I do you mean
have to no no no hey look just these
guys Alissa policy I know when what is
this no those are your phone yeah cute I
like animals man all right how do you
want this
just regular just you know just just
give it like a little
I'm a just like slipped on one
hand good chop what the Jimmy it was an
accident it wasn't an accident you never
have an action you never did anything
wrong I didn't say I never did anything
wrong I didn't do anything wrong right
now I didn't throw something through my
let's Ben girl this guy's crazies out of
control you hang on just one second I'm
gonna do this really quickly there's
somebody you gotta meet somebody hold on
hold on
so just take a sec let's get out of here
what a loser right say hello to big time
and little Tom Tommy I sleep in the
middle it's like a body pillow it's good
for your back oh hey yeah it's for your
back Hey
[Applause]
if you liked that video click subscribe
and we'll be together until one of us
dies